Well since the last video I went ahead and downloaded the very latest version of Blender 2.8 beta and
of course since is still a development version.
Things can change and sure enough the look of the timeline has changed since the last version.
So still all the same key frames and everything just a little bit different aesthetic to it.
That's all I guess.
So before we create our geo face run and jump let's go ahead and render this 2D animation out to an
image sequence and then we're gonna bring it back.
Apply it to our Geo face.
Idle object and see if it's the right size and if it isn't then we'll scale the UVA island up or down
to get it to be just the right size.
And once we do that then we know we can duplicate these and use them for the other face animations as
well.
So let's give this a try.
First of all we're not going to need to see the character in the render for this.
So I can turn off the render view here.
We're not going to need to see this geo face idle in the render we will need to see the grease pencil
object so we'll leave that and we won't need to see the armature in the render either so I'll just click
that.
So we're just taking all these away hiding them away in the render.
All right let's go over here to the output tab right here.
And as we said before we're at 24 frames per second.
We've already set up our resolution to be 256 pixels.
Let's come down here and under the output.
Let's point this to a particular folder so I'll click here and I'll browse to my folder and in here
I'm going to create a new folder.
I'll just click right here and we'll call this renders and in that folder what I'd also like to do is
create a folder and I'll call this idol.
There we go.
So this is the folder that we want to actually send our rendered images to.
So I'll click accept and you can see here's the path.
Now currently we're going to be outputting PND which is fine.
And we also want this RG be a we went the A four Alpha that alpha channel is going to allow everything
that isn't the grease pencil strokes to be clear to be transparent.
Now to ensure we get that transparency we should come over to the render panel here and under film we
should choose instead of sky for the Alpha.
We want it to be transparent right there.
OK.
So we still have the Eevee render engine.
We've got the alpha transparent and we've created the folder in which all the renters are going to go.
All right.
So let's go back to that folder here so here's our folder with the renders and we've got the idle folder
here.
That's where it's gonna go.
So here we go.
We're gonna go to render render animation and there it goes.
All right.
It has rendered all of our frames.
Let's go ahead and close this and I'll open up that folder again.
And here it is.
You can see them all from one all the way to one 43 All right.
So if we open one up you can see that's all we have.
Just a small face.
Now here comes the fun part.
What we need to do is map that back onto our geo face idle object as a texture so to do that.
Let's go back to our shading tab and really all we need to do is just bring it into this image texture
node.
But before we do that let's hide the grease pencil object for just a moment.
Let's come over here and hide that here.
There it is.
Now let's bring in our image sequence here so I'll click open.
It says detect sequences here and that's checked.
So that's good.
We go into renders and Idol and we click on the first frame.
Let's now come over here to open image and instead of single image we can change this to image sequence.
Let's do that.
Now currently the color is white.
If we take the base color here and drag that all the way down we can turn it black and that's what we
want.
And once again this is just a temporary setup.
We're just doing this to see how big that u v map or that u v island should be.
And it looks to me like that they should be a little bit bigger.
So let's go over to our UVA editing tab.
Let's come over here.
And with all of these selected all of these UVA is selected let's hit the esky and let's just scale
it down a bit and you can see as we do we can make it bigger or smaller.
However we want here.
But if I move this up about like this and then also I think I'd like to move it up some.
So let's take this and move it up a bit and I'm just going to move this around until I get it about
where I want it.
All right.
So then I'll hit the ESC again and scale this up a bit.
Is that about right.
Oh I feel like it needs to be a little bit bigger here
there.
Let's try that.
I'll tap back into object mode and there he is I mean move that cursor back to the world origin I think
though maybe it needs to come up just a little bit.
Let me do this again.
I'm going to hit key and why and slide that up just a bit like that there we go.
I think that's going to be how I want it.
Yes.
So now you can see that too the image on the actual object.
We're going to use in unity now.
If we then come down here and hit the spacebar what happens.
I'll do that.
And we're not seeing the blink.
So why is that.
Well I think I may know.
Let's press shift arrow and go back to the beginning and if we go back to our use the editing screen
layout.
No I'm sorry our shading screen layout here.
Look at this.
This says image sequence but it says how many frames.
And we need to put in one forty three right there.
And while we're here let's go ahead and turn on auto refresh as well so it will refresh each frame as
it goes along.
OK.
So I think we're ready.
Let's go back to our 2D animation and hit that spacebar and let's see what happens there we go there.
He's blinking now.
The actual quality of the image is pretty poor because we're doing this in real time so the image quality
is going to be quite a bit better in unity.
But you can see the actual texture playing through the image sequence as well as the character animating
with the animation cycle.
So it works.
That's I think what we needed to see.
So since that's the case we can now come over and duplicate these duplicate this object because we now
have the object parenting to the head bone.
We have a transparent material on it.
We have you v mapped the object so that the U V map is the proper size and we've tested the image sequence
on it as well.
So I think we're ready to go ahead and duplicate this.
So let's do that.
Let's select that let's press shift D and enter and instead of geo face idle let's go ahead and call
this geo face run and we'll duplicate this and we'll call this geo face jump and there we go.
Now let's come down here to the materials.
I'm going to go back over to our shading here.
Let's come over to our materials now and for the jump.
Let's go ahead and duplicate the material the idol material let's duplicate it for the jump.
Now I can just delete this or remove the material slot here and then create a new material.
But I want to make a copy of it and to do that I need to click this button here so I click this and
we'll call this jump and we go and I'll go ahead and remove that image sequence out of here because
we don't need that and we go and then let's go ahead and or the face run once again let's duplicate
this and call this base run.
There we go.
So now we have three different objects with three different materials.
Oh I can go ahead and remove the image sequence out of here.
All parents to the head bone and ready to go.
So with all of that done now we can do in the next video is begin creating our run animation.
We will hide the idol and the jump will bring back the grease pencil object and we'll begin creating
the run animation.